Missions
===

*The area under the title can be left blank, or optionally, provide a one to two sentence description.*

Narrative Design
---

*Describes how this design fits within the context of the game's universe and narrative.*

Mechanic Design
---

Missions are a series of events, whose specific circumstances are based on the current conditions of the world. For instance, in a night raid mission, the location and target of the raid is based on intelligence your team has gained, which is correspondingly generated by the actions of insurgent forces. 

Initially the player is going to try to improve their relation with others - which is important, but far greater gains can be made by affecting how factions relate to each other.

DYNAMIC MISSION CATEGORIES
 - CivilDevelopment - Missions to increase the civil development of the province.
 - FactionRelation - Missions to change the relationship between other factions.
 - FactionStrength - Missions to change the strength of a faction.
 - FactionIntel - Missions to get information about a faction.
 - CharRelation - Missions to change the relationship with a character.
 - CharStrength - Missions to change the strength of a character.
 - CharIntel - Missions to get information about a character.

STATIC MISSION CATEGORIES
 - Event - This includes critical missions that you must accomplish (such as BASIS events), missions based on how long you've been in country, etc.
 - Effect - Missions based on a particular effect on the current world condition, such as police corruption.

Tech Design
---

*Describes how this design functions within the context of the technology.*
